add depth limiting (#22)
ldebruijn/go-graphql-armor: docs/configuration.md

block_field_suggestions:
  enabled: true
  mask: [redacted]
  
max_depth:
  enable: true

>   # The maximum number of allowed aliases within a single request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # The maximum allowed depth within a single request.
```
